Clarify repo admin process (#3466)
open-telemetry/community: guides/maintainer/github-admin-processes.md

  Changes that affect a single repository owned by multiple SIGs should follow the same
  process, but the change should have the approval of at least one maintainer from each
  affected SIG.

### Request Repository Admin Permissions

By default, maintainers of a repository have the `Maintain` permission instead
of the `Admin` permission. This is to protect the maintainers from making
accidental/unintended changes that are sensitive and/or destructive.

There are cases when the maintainers would want to have `Admin` permission:

- Make necessary changes that are not currently supported by the
  [open-telemetry/admin](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin) PR process.
- Handle (e.g., accept, publish, merge fixes from a private fork/branch, etc.)
  security advisories.

> Maintainers can request `Admin` permissions by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintainers can request temporary or permanent `Admin` permissions by the
```

[open-telemetry/admin](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin) PR process and
get approval from one other repository maintainer (approval from a GitHub Org
Admin is not required). Here is [an

> example](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin/pull/639). If requested, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admin is not required). Follow the steps documented [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/admin#need-temporary-admin-rights).
If requested, the
```
